Comments on Computer Intelligence.

I have designed a strategy, that, for now,
can only work on a two player game and only in round 1. This is because
in the first round the board is always the same, and afterwards it can 
change very drastically. I have played the game many times now, albeit
against myself, and I do have some intuition on how to play the game. 

You try to go to "around the middle" (this is kind of a gut thing) and as 
you go back you opportunistically pick some chips along the way. This is
only if the air permits it. And it highly depends on wether the enemies have 
greeded or not. This is doubly hard considering I have to do two decisions per
turn, each of them related. 

Going around the middle means try to get to the level two's in two or 
three turns. Once there, you should 
probably pick the chip, unless the conditions allow you
to keep going. 

As soon as you pick a chip, YOU MUST TURN
BACK. You can maybe greed a bit and take chips close to
the submarine, but only that. You are probably in the 
10 to 14 spot in the board, and taking in consideration
that the expected value of the die is 3 (effectively 2)
there is a small margin for you to turn back. 

If you decide to keep going, in most occasions you will
want to pick the first chip possible and turn back. 

As you return you pick up chips if air allows and also
if the enemy is playing good or bad.

You only pick early if there are no more chances and the
air allows. You only pick to get three if you are in the 
last spot before the submarine (the effective expected
value now is 0, so technically you are lucky if
you make it back).

It is very likely that the Bot will not behave as I want 
it to if it takes one of the alternative paths (not 
picking a level 2 and keeps going).

By the way, my bot does not place chips. It is simply a strategy
that I don't believe in. Using the cautious method I implement, 
placing chips can be detrimental: I techinically only choose one
chip per turn (for sure), and if I am given the chance to 
place, then I must also be turning back, close to the submarine
it doesn't make sense to lose the only points I have. 

The specifics are will take me too long, so please check
out the comments in the module. 